README.rst, before:

.. |badge-ci| image:: https://github.com/alexfikl/orbitkit/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg
    :alt: Build Status
    :target: https://github.com/alexfikl/orbitkit/actions/workflows/ci.yml

.. |badge-rtd| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/orbitkit/badge/?version=latest
    :alt: Documentation
    :target: https://orbitkit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest

.. |badge-reuse| image:: https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/alexfikl/orbitkit
    :alt: REUSE
    :target: https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/alexfikl/orbitkit

|badge-ci| |badge-rtd| |badge-reuse|

orbitkit
========

This is bag of random utilities that can be used to analyse and visualize
continuous dynamical systems. It will mainly grow as various needs arise and
it does not aim to be a general framework for dynamical systems.

There are many other frameworks that can be used for the general study of
dynamical systems, but they're usually a lot bigger. For some Python examples, see

* `simupy <https://github.com/simupy/simupy>`__:  A framework for modeling and
  simulating dynamical systems.
* `pynamical <https://github.com/gboeing/pynamical>`__: A package for modeling
  and visualizing discrete nonlinear dynamical systems, chaos, and fractals.
* `nolds <https://github.com/CSchoel/nolds>`__: Nonlinear measures for dynamical
  systems (based on one-dimensional time series).
* `pydse <https://github.com/blue-yonder/pydse>`__: A package for dynamic system
  estimation of time series.
* `pyclustering <https://github.com/annoviko/pyclustering>`__: a library for
  studying oscillatory networks.
* `netrd <https://github.com/netsiphd/netrd>`__: a library for simulated dynamics
  on networks, graph reconstruction from time series, and other graph utilities.
* `neurolib <https://github.com/neurolib-dev/neurolib>`__: easy whole-brain
  modeling for computational neuroscientists.
* `BrainPy <https://github.com/brainpy/BrainPy>`__: flexible framework for
  computational neuroscience with a extensive analysis functionality.

However, there are many others in various programming languages.
`DynamicalSystems.jl <https://github.com/JuliaDynamics/DynamicalSystems.jl>`__
is a particularly good example of state-of-the-art methods.

Links
-----

* `Code <https://github.com/alexfikl/orbitkit>`__.
* `Documentation <https://orbitkit.readthedocs.io>`__.

Commit message:

docs: add python-control to readme

README.rst, after:

.. |badge-ci| image:: https://github.com/alexfikl/orbitkit/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg
    :alt: Build Status
    :target: https://github.com/alexfikl/orbitkit/actions/workflows/ci.yml

.. |badge-rtd| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/orbitkit/badge/?version=latest
    :alt: Documentation
    :target: https://orbitkit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest

.. |badge-reuse| image:: https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/alexfikl/orbitkit
    :alt: REUSE
    :target: https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/alexfikl/orbitkit

|badge-ci| |badge-rtd| |badge-reuse|

orbitkit
========

This is bag of random utilities that can be used to analyse and visualize
continuous dynamical systems. It will mainly grow as various needs arise and
it does not aim to be a general framework for dynamical systems.

There are many other frameworks that can be used for the general study of
dynamical systems, but they're usually a lot bigger. For some Python examples, see

* `simupy <https://github.com/simupy/simupy>`__:  A framework for modeling and
  simulating dynamical systems.
* `pynamical <https://github.com/gboeing/pynamical>`__: A package for modeling
  and visualizing discrete nonlinear dynamical systems, chaos, and fractals.
* `nolds <https://github.com/CSchoel/nolds>`__: Nonlinear measures for dynamical
  systems (based on one-dimensional time series).
* `pydse <https://github.com/blue-yonder/pydse>`__: A package for dynamic system
  estimation of time series.
* `pyclustering <https://github.com/annoviko/pyclustering>`__: a library for
  studying oscillatory networks.
* `netrd <https://github.com/netsiphd/netrd>`__: a library for simulated dynamics
  on networks, graph reconstruction from time series, and other graph utilities.
* `neurolib <https://github.com/neurolib-dev/neurolib>`__: easy whole-brain
  modeling for computational neuroscientists.
* `BrainPy <https://github.com/brainpy/BrainPy>`__: flexible framework for
  computational neuroscience with a extensive analysis functionality.
* `python-control <https://github.com/python-control/python-control>`__: a general
  library for the analysis of feedback control systems.

However, there are many others in various programming languages.
`DynamicalSystems.jl <https://github.com/JuliaDynamics/DynamicalSystems.jl>`__
is a particularly good example of state-of-the-art methods.

Links
-----

* `Code <https://github.com/alexfikl/orbitkit>`__.
* `Documentation <https://orbitkit.readthedocs.io>`__.
